Customer Value and Scope
your user stories in terms of using a standard pattern, acceptance criteria, task breakdown and effort estimation and 
how this influenced the way you worked and created value

- User stories were written more clearly with acceptance criterias, better task breakdown with smaller tasks which made 
  it easier to divide work and estimate.

your acceptance tests, such as how they were performed, with whom, and which value they provided for you and the other stakeholders

- Completed user stories were tested by members of the team that had not worked on that story.

the three KPIs you use for monitoring your progress and how you use them to improve your process

- Implemented first KPIs. One for completed tasks, to track our estimation techniques. One for customer satisfaction, to track overall product value.
  One for teamwork, to track how the team feels about our teamwork. First readings indicate that we need to estimate better.

Social Contract and Effort
the time you have spent on the course and how it relates to what you delivered (so keep track of your hours so you can describe the current situation)

- Same meeting times as other sprints. Team feels we spend to little time on the project.

Design decisions and product structure
how you ensure code quality and enforce coding standards

- Decided that everything should be reviewed by someone that didn't work on the code before it is pushed to main branch.

Application of Scrum
the roles you have used within the team and their impact on your work

- Scrum master has been setting up meetings which has led to discussions about how to work. 
  PO has been writing user stories and given feedback on completed ones.

the sprint review and how it relates to your scope and customer value (Did you have a PO, if yes, who?, if no, 
how did you carry out the review? Did the review result in a re-prioritisation of user stories? 
How did the reviews relate to your DoD? Did the feedback change your way of working?)

- PO had feedback on design choices which led to new tasks. The feedback did not really relate to DoD.

best practices for learning and using new tools and technologies (IDEs, version control, scrum boards etc.; 
do not only describe which tools you used but focus on how you developed the expertise to use them)

- We do some pair programming and help each other when we have a problem with the technology.
